what's going on everyone today I'm
making a video on how to get sponsored
or how I got sponsored because excuse
you I got a couple questions asking how
I did so I was just gonna make this
video to explain how I did and it's a
nice day out I don't know where winter
went there's no snow
it's February break - I also brought my
dog go out because she likes to Sun
right right right
how'd it get a sponsored I'm just gonna
tell you guys how I did
hopefully they'll teach you so first
thing I wanted to get sponsored for some
reason I don't know really why I just
thought it would be cool you're
definitely gonna get like rejected a
bunch of times I'm not gonna name any
names but I remember I emailed them I
was like hey you guys check out my video
and all this blah blah blah I knew like
yeah you're not that good you just you
should probably be riding for a couple
more seasons I so with the rejections
you might get companies that are
interested that's what I got so I
emailed company name Gilson check them
out in the description they're cool so I
emailed them just saying what's up and
like maybe if you guys wanted to you can
check out some of my edits and
everything they did and they liked them
they basically said that I could get
aboard for like cheaper than usual or
whatever and I could like we could just
test out the waters you know so I got
the board and I rode for like a season
put out edits with their logo and stuff
and sent them at it sent them pictures
whatever then one day I was just on the
Gilson website looking at like their
stuff apparel and stuff and I was just
looking at team riders I didn't like
expect anything but I saw my name I was
like yeah it was somehow and I you guys
know me I'm not the best I'm not the
worst also but I'm definitely not the
best and like I'm a nice person you know
so again you don't have to be good say
you're a really good writer but you're
just like a cocky little kid that can do
every trick they're not gonna want you I
hope if it's a good genuine company
they're not gonna want you because why
would they want a cocky little kid
that's mean representing their brand say
you're good and you're nice you're
probably gonna get in somehow say you're
like medium skill level but you're just
a nice guy it's more possible than being
good and being a mean guy cocky guy so
you basically want to be in this range
right here you're golden boom so
basically you have to be nice you can't
be a cocky little kid you have to be
good now I'm not saying the best of the
best like be reasonable and make friends
it's all about connections if you make
one friend
they might know someone and that friend
might know someone and you get hooked up
it's all about connection so getting put
on the Gilson team opened up so much
more opportunities to go riding and mom
and dad I know you're watching this let
me go to Pennsylvania and ride with a
Gilson team they give you so much more
opportunities and you can meet a bunch
more people that around the team and
hook up with them and just ride with
them and it just gives you so much more
opportunities to make friends and have
fun snowboarding and stuff so yeah
that's basically how I got on the team
or sponsored whatever you want to call
it and hopefully this will help you guys
if you want to get sponsored and yeah
that's basically it for this video peace